There are some things that do not fit the paradigm of a journal entry. And, franky, I do not fully understand the impetus behind the diary or the journal.

Listening to some new rapper called 21 Savage. He speaks in the language of gang street violence. It is intersting that the system allows such messages to exist. I suppose as long as actual violence is not commited the overall jist of the music is allowed. For one, you don't see white people doing it. The system allows that it exist and persist so long as it

The fatigue takes on a life of its own. Even now as I have been sleeping better, the fatigue has not wholly lifted. Even minimal ammounts of caffeine appear ineffectual in ridding me of this affliction. Yet, years of sleeplessness have wreaked havoc on the most important muscle in the human body: the face. I look like a 40 year old man ought to. And, as we all know: Wrinkles are forever. Unless I stumble upon both the money and courage to obtain plastic surgery, which in the short term seems unlikely and also a dumb thing to live for.
I don't feel quite so dispondent about it right now, but if I catch sight of myself in a reflective surface, I experience a strong feeling of disgust.
In a similar vein, I too don't feel great when I see what has become of my face, these long 8 years. I have been here before, earlier this year, when I was still in DC. For a couple of months my sleep became perfect. That was until I went up to 30 mg and then began taking fish oil supplements. Well, it was terrible and my sleep began to deteriorate around the middle of the year. This is too painful to write about right now.
